fix: tolerate non-object MCP output schemas (#170)
wevm/incur: .changeset/schema-safe-mcp-output.md

---
"incur": patch
---

> Tolerate non-object MCP output schemas by omitting them from tool registration while preserving JSON text output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for non-object MCP output schemas by omitting them from tool registration while preserving JSON text output.
```
